Update README: document where is the Docker repository. (#41)
helm/chart-releaser: README.md

```console
$ # clone repo to some directory outside GOPATH
$ git clone https://github.com/helm/chart-releaser
$ cd chart-releaser
$ go mod download
$ go install ./...
```

### Docker (for Continuous Integration)

> Docker images are pushed to the quay.io/helmpack/chart-releaser Docker repository. The Docker image is built on top of Alpine and its default entry-point is cr. See the `Dockerfile` for more informations about the Docker image.

Reviewer: Some suggestions:

```suggestion
Docker images are pushed to the [helmpack/chart-releaser](https://quay.io/repository/helmpack/chart-releaser?tab=tags) Quay container registry. The Docker image is built on top of Alpine and it's default entry-point is `cr`. See the [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) for more information about the Docker image.
```

Author: Done. Is there a squashing mechanism in this repo or should I manually squash?
